Mention that actions are overwritten as a whole (#765)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/actions.md

hooks are a way for you to perform operations following a certain packit event,
e.g. cloning an upstream repo.

:::caution

> As other keys, the `actions`can be defined on the top, package or job level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As other keys, the `actions` can be defined on the top, package or job level.
```

> As other keys, the `actions` can be defined on the top, package or job level.
> Just be aware that when overriding, the whole `action` mapping is replaced
> instead of merging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like other keys, the `actions` can be defined on the top, package or job level.
Be aware that when overriding, the whole `action` mapping is replaced
instead of merging.
```
